#Reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/mkindia/.rss

#Vids

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC_NjLEb2Sley94py4vSYTA video Tech #Andres Vidoza
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvpfclapgcuJo0M_x65pfRw video Tech #Beebom
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8jkbVLPvztz8TuE98OYo8Q video Tech #FPT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS261lQDXjMvc8Jck-2CQEg video Tech #GyanTherapy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw video Tech #LTT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBJycsmduvYEL83R_U4JriQ video Tech #MKBHD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX6S71YiSkrEnJ_zcIKaI9g video Tech #MrTechpedia
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMiJRAwDNSNzuYeN2uWa0pA video Tech #MrWhoIsTheBoss
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdBK94H6oZT2Q7l0-b0xmMg video Tech #ShortCircuit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA video Tech #Techlinked
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0vBXGSyV14uvJ4hECDOl0Q video Tech #Techquikie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdp6GUwjKscp5ST4M4WgIpw video Tech #Techwiser
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG7J20LhUeLl6y_Emi7OJrA video Tech #TheStudio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEcrRXW3oEYfUctetZTAWLw video Tech #Waveform Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA video tech # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA video tech # Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw video tech # The Linux Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChIZGfcnjHI0DG4nweWEduw video tech #Techsource
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCltuKUCkE82ojAtPJy9rFQA video tech #VenomsTech

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPtPyb4VvaNqjkbL_tSVFVA video Entertainment #Thugesh
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUaT_39o1x6qWjz7K2pWcgw video Entertainment #Beast Reacts
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtgGOdTlM-NdJ9rPKIYN8UQ video Entertainment #SlayyPoint
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0rE2qq81of4fojo-KhO5rg video Entertainment #TanmayBhat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ4x3oLggFz5s6Djg5y7EQ video Entertainment #UnfilteredThugesh

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCto7D1L-MiRoOziCXK9uT5Q video Gaming #LetsGameItOut

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7dF9qfBMXrSlaaFFDvV_Yg video Comics&Anime #Gigguk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKQ5Jj35sjTmJigRtlCPhVQ video Comics&Anime #ComicVerse

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-CSyyi47VX1lD9zyeABW3w video Information #DhruvRathee

https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2J-0g_nxlwcD9JBK1eTleQ video Cars #Auto Focus
